---
title: February 9, 2023
date: 2023-02-09
summary: OSCAL Model Engineering Meeting 2## Overview

- No comments or feedback.

## Ground Rules

- No comments or feedback.

## Review of Current and Completed Work

- Focus on near term: improving CI/CD
  - making evaluation easier
- docs where there is confusion or missing detail
- high reward/low risk changes to models (features or fixes)
  
## Help Needed

- PRs reviewing and comments
- Model reviews
- Bring your experience
- Identify priorities for cookbook recipes/tutorials

- No comments or feedback.

## Open Questions & Answers

- Community Attendee #1 asked how does this prioritization? lots of high asks for a couple of examples
- A.J. notes that many isssues require some work
  - some issues are old!
  - offers web site enhancements as an example
    - complex partly due to Metaschema dependency
    - high-impact because user-facing
    - we are doing infrastructure work to trace performance 
- Issues (and impact of improvements) on the site and project tracker in GitHub
  - Labels ("tags") added to the project tracking page per community feedback (Github Labels)
- Community Attendee #2 asks about docs regarding FedRAMP process and alignment with other regimes (ISO, HIPAA) - we will revisit
    - Per Michaela, this is a large topic and not just about mapping between control catalogs!
    - Michaela did a high-level overview about using multiple compliance and security frameworks from heterogenous catalogs and use them in documentation of systems in components and system security plans
    - Wendell explained his perspective and added for testing and conformance
- Community Attendee #3 had a question about comment about the ROC in PCI-DSS and if that compliance report is more like a assessment plan in OSCAL more than SSP. Thoughts from the NIST OSCAL Team?
    - A.J. said he had no formal awareness of the PCI-DSS data owners talking about the people.
    - Dmitry said he met people at an OSCAL meetup working with PCI-DSS and HIPAA work, but not outside 
- Wendell has a request for alignment: for PR review. For review, we should look at branches and "not in `main`" work, how do we get that community help with awareness. Wendell cited a volunteer contributor working on profile resolution and she wants feedback from others.
- Community Attendee #1 said as he learned there are different repositories: how does one know which ones exist, their relationship between them, and what are their purpose?
- We agreed we need to make an issue for making a Repository Map ("lay of the land") for OSCAL and OSCAL-related work.
- Community Attendee #2 asked in chat requested a unique subscription calendar that updates itself to simplify keeping up with you automatically? A.J. explained this is part of current work.
- A.J. describes Issue [usnistgov/OSCAL#1638](https://github.com/usnistgov/OSCAL/pull/1638), ADRs (Architectural Decision Records), calendar work forthcoming
- Community Attendee #1 GE surveys "how do I open an issue"
    - Page points to Help Wanted but not to New Issue
    - Github issues not really designed for "I need help" questions
    - Creating Issue to track work item: what are all the repositories I need to know about?
    - Useful discussion on blocks to creating Issues


## Slides

You can download [the meeting's slide deck from here](../slides-2023-02-09.pdf).

